Downloaded from
YTS.MX
- ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪
- Hi.
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪
- Here. thanks.
- [indistinct chatter]
- The chicken?
Mild butter chicken.
- MAN: Got it. ready.
Order up.
- [bell dings]
- ♪
- [cash register buzzes]
- Hey. Aesop.
put this on your lap and eat.
- No.
- Hey!
- Look. Mom.
- ♪
- Hi. welcome
to Spirit of India.
How many in your party?
- Four. please.
- Right this way.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Here you go.
I will be back to take
your orders in a few moments.
- Thank you.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Dishes. kitchen now.
- C'est maitre D' doesn't
do dish.
- We don't have a maitre D'.
But you do have an older sister.
and she is telling you
to go do the dishes.
- Irrelevant.
- Rohan.
- Dad. a moment of your time
to discuss--
- We are not putting
tikka masala tacos
on the menu. Rohan.
- They're called Tik-tacos.
- We have rotis.
we have frankies.
they're burritos.
- But a burrito is not a taco.
- Mm. you give me
lot to think about.
No.
- ROHAN: [groans]
- Here. Nani wants you
in the kitchen.
- Ugh. Dad. is she
gonna fix my hair again.
while we're slammed?
- I don't know. I want
her to be prepping and chopping.
not chatting and fussing.
Now hurry up. it's a busy night.
- Copy that.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Looking very nice. Sonny.
Just keep producing it. okay?
Ganesh. table number five
is still waiting.
Hurry it up. darling.
- GANESH: Got it.
- Mild on the butter chicken.
- Rhea. don't move.
Uh. look at you.
It's Sunday night. you
could have made
a bit more effort.
Can't have people seeing
my own granddaughter
doesn't look presentable. eh?
Mm. your father is no help.
Someone has to teach you
these things.
Okay.
- Can you do that
anywhere but here?
- But who wouldn't be
thrilled to find
my eyebrow hair
in their biryani?
- Well. will you
just hold still?
Uh. all right.
Better. for tonight at least.
- Okay. we're done here.
- Ooh.
Rhea.
- I can handle it.
- Yeah. and you handle
far too much.
[unintelligible]
Table number seven's still
waiting.
run like the wind.
- ♪
- Arvind. look at your daughter.
All of this working
and lifting and sweating
she's doing.
She's young. she should
be enjoying life.
- Maybe she'll enjoy life
a lot more if you didn't
fuss over her looks
at every dinner rush.
- Nonsense. she loves it.
- No. she doesn't. she told me.
And if she didn't love
working over here.
she would tell me that. too.
- Nani. can Shilpa Aunty have
the rest of our food?
- Shilpa. Come along. Arvind.
You should talk to her.
- Oh yeah. I'd love to but--
- Now.
- Shilpa. Vinay. How are you?
- Good. Good.
Rhea was just telling us
that she is the new president
of her school's coding club.
- My Sahil could give her
some pointers.
He's the founder of his
school's crypto currency club.
- Splendid.
And how much of your money
has he lost so far?
- Don't ask.
- Now. Shilpa. I understand
you have some company
coming to town?
- My younger sister Shanti
is flying in from Mumbai.
- You remember Shanti.
She ate here once about
five years ago.
- Of course. How could I forget?
- Terrific. How's Monday night?
- Dad. let's get Auntie
and Uncle some mango lassis...
on the house.
- Excellent idea.
We'll be right back.
- How many sisters does
Shilpa Aunty have?
That's like. what. the fifth one
she's wanted to set you up with?
- She's just doing what
Aunties do.
- Uh-huh. okay. sure.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Please handle that.
- [clears throat]
- You know what boy?
- Yeah. Max.
He goes to my school.
What is he doing here?
- I'm gonna take a wild guess
and say eat.
- Huh?
- ROHAN: --an open concept.
so that way the--hey!
- Go see Nani.
- Why?
- She is just dying to hear
all your renovation ideas.
- Yes. I knew this day
would come.
- Hi. welcome to
Spirit of India.
- Hi. I know you.
- Uh. yeah.
- Biology.
- Calculus.
I'll show you to your table.
- Cool place.
- Thanks.
It's my family's restaurant.
- This place reminds me
of that little Indian place
we used to go to in Upton Park.
- Mm.
Here you are.
- MOM: Thank you.
- [phone beeps]
- Uh. "Freefall Universe."
DJ Luka Cent.
- When did Luka Cent
drop a new track?
- Late last night.
I just happen to be up
after closing. so I grabbed it
for my dinner rush playlist.
- Wait. you made this mix?
- I made this mix.
- Do you make your own
stuff as well?
- Oh. oh. no. no. no. [laughs]
I make these playlists
because I notice that
things around here go
a lot smoother
when there's something
driving us.
Giving us a little oompf.
- I get it.
♪ Oompf. oompf. oompf ♪
- [giggling]
Exactly.
- So you follow Luka Cent?
- Yeah. of course.
He did an underground show
next door to the restaurant
last year. it was so loud.
I could hear it
through the walls.
- Yeah. I was at that show.
- And I was serving dosas.
- Speaking of. perhaps
we could start
with a chutney sampler
while we peruse the menu?
- Yes. right away.
- We should go record shopping
some time.
Maybe you could score some
old school beats
for your playlists.
- I don't have a record player.
- I'm a deejay.
I have two.
- Rhea!
You know how I feel about
this music.
- Who is that?
- That is my grandma.
- Don't you need to change
the song.
- Three. two. one.
- ♪
- This happens every night.
doesn't it?
- No. my dad would
lose his mind.
But it does happen
every Sunday night.
- ♪
- [singing in Hindi]
- [applause]
- [singing continues]
- ♪
♪
♪♪
- [cheers and applause]
- I know this is kind of weird.
- It's legit awesome.
- [cheers and applause]
- Encore!
- [applause continues]
- ♪
- ASHA: Stop dancing?
You might as well ask me
to stop breathing.
- ARVIND: It's not that I don't
love your dancing--
- ASHA: But?
- ARVIND: It's a little corny.
- Your daughter always picks
such glorious music to play.
how am I not to dance?
- She does have a good ear.
I'll admit. it does help us
through the Sunday dinner rush.
- She's got her mother's ear.
Mira always knew exactly the
right song for every occasion.
Music just flowed
through her veins.
- I need to restock the masalas.
- Arvind...
from the bottom of my heart.
I'm sorry.
I can't even mention
my daughter around you.
- Of course you can mention her.
- I miss her too.
The last think Mira would want
is for you to hide
from the world behind work
and your children.
- It's getting late. let's
get some rest. yeah?
- Fine.
- ♪
- ASHA:
"She's got her mother's ear.
Music just flowed
through her veins."
- Mom. I can't sleep.
- [rock music plays]
- [laughs] Well. I wonder why.
- It's too loud outside.
But if I turn up my radio.
it's too loud inside.
- I see.
Or rather I hear. [giggles]
Listen.
- To what?
- To everything.
- What do you mean?
- Close your eyes.
And let the music guide you.
This city has so many sounds.
There's music everywhere.
- [men laughing and chatter]
- Can you hear those men
outside?
They're laughing loudly
at their silly jokes.
It's sharp like trumpets.
- [men laughing]
- What else?
Do another.
- [thumping]
- MIRA: The cars...
that are going over
the wobbly grate.
- [thumping]
- MIRA: Boom-ka-boom.
Boom-ka-boom. Boom-ka-boom.
Like a big drum. [laughs]
Your turn.
- [glasses clanking]
- RHEA: Clank-clank. clank.
Clank-a-clank... like bells?
- It's all music.
- ♪
- Good night. my darling.
- Mwah.
- ♪
- Good night. Mom.
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪
- [chatter continues]
- Um. okay.
- What?
- I've never seen you
smile like that before.
- Who is that?
- That's Max. transfer student.
He and his mom came into
the restaurant last night.
- And you totally like him.
Come on. details. details.
details!
- Spill it!
- Okay.
You got me. he's cute.
- Yeah!
- Can we please talk about
literally anything else now.
please?
- Oh. I'm glad you asked.
I finished the designs for
our coding club jackets.
- And they're gonna be
ready for yearbook photos.
- Yeah. and we're not
freshman anymore.
We need to step it up.
which was my inspiration
for this.
- [gasps]
Watt. these are amazing.
- They're perfect.
- Yeah.
- Thank you. Thank you.
We know.
- [laughs]
- They're so great.
- --decal picked out.
- FEMALE ANNOUNCER: JV and
varsity tennis
has been canceled.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Ginger. we're such huge fans.
- Yeah. can we get a selfie?
- Of course.
- Oh. thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
- "Thank you so much."
- The glamorous life
of an influencer.
- What have I told you
about the I word. guys?
- You love it.
- You can't get enough of it.
- It's your favorite.
- You're my favorites.
Walk with me. talk with me.
So. what's new?
- Rhea is in love.
- Hmm?
Tell me more. What's their name?
Are they cool?
- Max.
And. yeah. he is.
- Oh. he moved here
from London. huh? How very!
- How did you do that?
I did not even tell you
his last name.
- I'm that good.
- I bet he's secret royalty.
- You could be Princess Rhea!
- Okay. everyone. calm down.
please.
He's a deejay.
He's probably way too cool
for me.
- Don't sell yourself short.
You rock. you make cool
playlists
all the time.
- [phone dinging]
- Wait. what is it?
- Judging by the sheer wall
of animal gifs.
I'm gonna say it's Debbie
from the dance squad
about the promo event tomorrow.
- Oh.
- What promo event?
- For the Festival of Color.
It's Rhea's idea for
a homecoming fundraiser.
- Mm.
- Oh. so it's inspired
by the Hindu holiday Holi.
It's about celebrating spring.
- And love!
- Oh.
- [laughs]
- Yeah. so everybody
wears white.
And we pelt each other
with brightly colored powder.
It's so spectacular.
Like daytime fireworks.
- Wow.
- But before that. people
need to know about it.
So the dance squad is helping
me put on a promo event.
A UV light dance.
This is the site they
want to promote the event with.
- Mm.
- Wow. this has everything.
It's got rainbows.
- Unicorns.
- Of course rainbow unicorns.
Ugh. eesh. if I didn't know
any better.
I'd think this was like some
kind of silent cry for help.
- Oh! Let me fix that with
a noisy cry for help.
Watson. help!
- Mm. let me consult my manager.
- Oh.
- ♪
- Two pizzas.
Gotta make sure my 10% is worth
it.
- I accept your terms.
- [school bell rings]
- We'll discuss at lunch.
- Later.
- Bye.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Settle in. everybody.
Okay. time to show me
what you've all been working on.
Molly and Watson.
- First. I'm gonna need you
to sign
this confidentiality agreement.
- Are you serious?
- Always.
Thank you.
- [computer beeping]
- Watson. the floor is yours.
- ♪
- Edison had the light bulb.
Steve Jobs had the phone.
We have...
- BOTH: The pizza drone!
- [applause]
- Whoo!
- ♪
- [drone buzzing]
- Steady. steady. all right.
- ♪
- Okay. we're flying now.
No. no. no. no. no. wait.
- [splat]
- Oh my--
- [class gasps]
- Cool concept.
Execution needs work.
And. uh. you two are
cleaning that up.
- Already on it.
- Of course.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Rhea. please tell me
your idea does not
involve plummeting pizzas.
- Please. no.
- Good.
- But it does involve
my dad's restaurant.
I have an idea for an
analytic app
that uses point of sale
to track our inventory
in real time.
- Interesting.
- Mm-hmm.
- But this project was
an opportunity
for you to have some fun.
- But this is fun for me.
- A point of sale analytic app
is fun for you?
- MOLLY: Miss Loy?
You haven't heard. all of
us kids are into these days.
- [laughs]
- I promise. I'm enjoying this.
And it'll also happen to
really help out my dad.
- Cool. Well. keep at it.
And don't forget to tell
your folks about
the parent-teacher conferences.
I can't wait to meet
the people who raised
you beautiful weirdos.
- Night. Bubba.
Don't stay up too late.
- Uh. Dad. come check this out.
- What are you working on?
- Something for you. actually.
- For me?
- Yeah.
It's an app to track what
people order.
so you can keep an eye
on ingredients
when you're running low.
- Wow. Rhea.
What would I do with you?
- We're a team. Dad. You and me.
- You see. this.
This is why you're
my favorite daughter.
- Really?
I thought it was because
I was your only daughter.
- That too.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. [laughs]
All right. good night.
- Good night.
- ♪
- I've never considered
myself a squid man.
but you've converted me.
- Mm-hmm.
- Disaster.
Our deejay for the festival
promo. The Black Light Dance.
which is happening
in 20 minutes.
cheated on their history
exam and has been suspended.
So. please. excuse me.
I live under this table now
for my life.
- Okay. okay. don't panic.
Watson and I can help.
- Mm-hmm.
- Can you deejay?
- Better.
We can beatbox.
- [sighs]
- Check it.
- MOLLY AND WATSON: [beatboxing]
- Stop. Now I have a crisis and
a headache.
- Ouch.
- Wow. you hurt my feeling.
- What about Max?
- Max?
- Oh. the dreamy British boy?
- With the smashing accent.
- Real talk. is Max good?
Or do you just think he's cute?
- I mean. I haven't actually
heard him spin.
but he seems to know what
he's talking about.
- So can I have food?
I forgot to eat breakfast.
I'm a terrible role model.
- Cephalopod?
- Cephalo-please.
They got him.
- Who got who?
- The dance squad found Max.
And they're headed to the gym.
- Wow. they should work for
Scotland Yard.
- They're very thorough.
- Rhea. you coming with me
to talk to him?
- Why me?
- I assume you want
the cute boy to know
you got him a sick gig.
- After you.
- Let's go.
- Bye.
- Bi-ye!
- I'm taking this.
the whole thing.
- Please. yeah. I want
that samosa.
- [indistinct chatter]
- You got everything you
need. dude?
- I wish I had all my equipment.
- It'll be great. It's raw.
like when rock bands
go unplugged.
[laughs]
- [phone dinging]
- Debbie! Running out of
eyeliner is not an emergency!
Excuse me.
- Hey. thank you so much.
It's really cool of you
to think of me.
Don't know how I can repay you.
- I'll think of something.
- I can't wait.
- Okay. ready or not.
it's go time.
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪
- I think it's starting.
- Hey. Watson.
What's going on?
- I think we're about
to get our world rocked.
- ♪
- Hey. Jefferson High!
- [crowd cheering]
- Get hyped for the event
of the year.
Festival of Color 2021!
- [crowd cheering]
- ♪
♪ Come on and move tonight ♪
♪
♪ Come on and move ♪
♪ Radio. radio ♪
♪ Come on and move to
the beat of the sound ♪
- [crowd cheering]
- ♪ Come on and move.
move. move ♪
♪ Radio. radio. radio. radio ♪
♪ Come on and move to
the rhythm of night ♪♪
- [crowd cheering]
- Give it up for
Grand Old DJ Union Max!
- [cheering continues]
- And if you want more
Union Max.
I'm proud to announce he'll
be spinning
at the Festival of Color!
- [crowd cheering]
- I will?
- GINGER: So be there!
- Whooo!
- [crowd cheering]
- [instinct chatter]
- That was very elaborate.
- Yeah. only Ginger could
turn a gym into a nightclub
and get away with it.
- [laughs] Yeah.
I'm just glad she's on our side.
- Mm-hmm.
- Imagine if she used her powers
for evil.
- [school bell rings]
- Max. that was some
good work on short notice.
- Thanks.
Yeah. that's a little edit
I've been working on.
- Yeah. it sounded like
it was a little in process.
which was cool for today.
but I'm gonna need
my mind blown for
Festival of Color.
You got me?
- Yeah.
Totally.
- Pizza. I'm buying to
celebrate a job done
and job well done. [giggles]
Rhea. you are coming?
- I'm gonna...no.
- Is she okay?
- She's great.
- Um. I thought your song
was really good.
Deejaying looks fun.
- Yeah. but Ginger's right.
I'm gonna need something
really special
for the Festival of Color.
- I could help you.
I know Ginger's taste.
I know what she's looking for.
You would just have to--
- Yeah.
- --teach me how to spin.
- Really? You wanna be a deejay?
- I don't know if I'd put
it that way.
I just wanna up my game
for my restaurant playlist.
Keep it fresh. you know.
keep the guests entertained.
Anyways. you asked how you
could repay me.
That's how.
- Deal.
Do you have any plans
Saturday morning?
- I'm free until
my dinner shift.
- So it's a date.
Victory Vinyl 11 a.m.
I will see you then.
- So it's a date.
- And now...
welcome to my world.
- Okay. where do we start?
- MAX: Where I started.
- ♪
- Rock.
Ooh.
- ♪
- Hip hop.
- Funk and soul.
Now. are you ready
for your first deejay lesson?
- Yes.
- Well. we'll see about that.
- So. break all this down
for me.
- All right. we've got
the two turntables.
And the mixer.
And this is the crossfader.
You can choose which record
the crowd can hear.
- [music changing]
- Sounds like a mess.
doesn't it?
- Yeah.
All deejays are a bit mad.
- Because?
- Because you've got two
different sounds
playing in your head at
the exact same time.
And you just have to
somehow make them go together.
Okay. grab the headphones.
- [music playing in headphones]
- Oh. beat matching.
Very important.
- Mm-hmm.
- We are gonna match
these two records together.
- How?
- Uh-huh.
See. this. this is the pitch
control.
It can speed up or slow
down the record
to change the bpm.
- Mm-hmm.
- For example. this track
is spinning at...
119 beats per minute.
- [rock music plays]
- And this one--
- Is faster.
- Right. 126.
- So. like a 5.6% increase?
- Oh. you've got
a calculator for a brain.
That's good to know.
- I'm a coder. so yeah. I'm good
with numbers.
- No. that's good.
And you might not have been
counting beats.
but you have had practice
finding songs that
go together for your playlists.
Now. check this.
- ♪
- [record scratches]
♪ The party don't stop ♪
- This is amazing.
I have to try this out
for my new dinner rush mix.
- ♪ The party don't stop ♪
♪ The party don't stop ♪
♪
- I didn't know they were
doing a clinic today.
- Oh my gosh.
- You're DJ Luka Cent.
- That's true.
- What are you doing here?
- Bit of shopping.
Good picks. Are you showing
her the ropes?
- Yeah.
- Sweet.
When you're finished here.
come up front for a bit.
- Okay. we're done.
- Yes. we are. [laughs]
- You know. this is good.
The first record was so
incredible--
- Hey.
- Mac. hook 'em up
with some flyers.
- Boom. check it out.
- Battle of the Beatmasters
Deejay competition.
- What's that?
- It's a local competition.
I do it every year for
teen deejays.
The winner gets a set up
just like mine.
And a spin session with
yours truly.
- He'll be there.
- [laughs]
I mean. I'll try to.
- He can't wait.
Any advice?
Like what are you looking for?
- Two things.
Tell a story. and make us care.
That's it. I gotta jet.
Thank you.
- I'll see ya later. man.
- We'll see you there.
- M-m-m-m-m-m-m--
- Ahh. what?
- We'll just get these. thanks.
I cannot believe we just
met the DJ Luka Cent.
- And he complimented your
taste in music.
Max. you have got to
enter that competition.
- Oh. okay. how 'bout
we talk bout something else
besides me and the deejay
competition?
- Okay.
Well. how'd you get into
all this stuff?
- Fine.
Mom has to travel a lot
for work.
so. we move a lot.
And it's tough to make
friends and meet people
when you do that.
Being a deejay makes that
a lot easier.
Like us now.
We're friends.
- Yeah. we are.
- So. what about you?
What are you into?
Do you dance like
your grandma or sing?
- Uh. no.
Um. you know. dancing.
it's--it's definitely
my Nani's thing.
Singing was actually
my mom's thing.
She was truly. truly amazing.
- Was?
- She died when I was eight.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah. every weekend. she
and my Nani would put on a show
at the restaurant.
She would sing.
and Nani would dance.
They used to have so much fun.
Well. Nani still does.
as you know.
- I would say. [laughs]
She has a shocking amount
of dance moves for a grandma.
I would swear she was Bollywood
royalty.
- Not quite Bollywood royalty.
But every Sunday night.
her legions of adoring fans
are very there for her Bollywood
cosplay.
- Oh. I'd love to have legions
of adoring fans.
- Maybe one day you will.
- ♪
- Would you. um--
do you wanna practice at
my place tomorrow?
- Yeah.
- All right. I'm gonna teach
you how to scratch.
- Okay.
- Just the basics.
Now you wanna find the groove.
'cause that's the start
of the track.
- ♪
- Then once you hit the track.
Backspin. and then you wanna
go forward.
And back.
Now forward. back. forward.
back. forward. back. okay?
- Okay.
- Now. you may try.
[giggles] Hit start.
- Am I making mistake. maybe.
- ♪
- Good.
- Okay.
- Backspin.
- Backspin. okay.
- [record scratches]
- Ooh! Sorry. sorry. sorry.
- Oh no. you scratched
my finest $2 record.
- Please.
Please just keep it down
until end of business.
Oh. no. no. just--
- [sighs]
- Wanna take a break?
- No.
Let's soldier on.
- ♪
♪ Hello. hello.
what have we here? ♪
♪ Didn't catch your name ♪
♪ Just girls and boys ♪
♪ Who disappear ♪
♪ And come back again ♪
♪ A stolen glance.
a secret smile ♪
♪
♪ We can slow it down ♪
♪ And maybe stay here
for a while ♪
♪
♪ 'Til the sun comes round ♪
♪ I don't know what
this means now ♪
♪
♪ Or who we might become ♪
♪ But it feels like summer ♪
♪
♪ Now that I know
you're around ♪
♪
♪ Standing in the bright light ♪
♪ With your sunglasses on ♪
♪ I'm taking in the view ♪
- BOTH: Crossfade on.
- ♪
♪ It's better now with you ♪
- Try again.
- No. it's good.
- ♪ It's better now with you ♪
♪
- [inaudible dialogue]
- ♪
- [record scratching]
- Where did that come from?
- It's good. right?
- [laughs]
- Look. what?
- Max?
- Uh. sorry. this is how--
- No. no. no. don't.
Young pupil's doing all right.
Quite good.
- Uh. kind of interrupting
the flow. Mom. so--
- Oh. am I?
Well. carry on.
- I've never gotten
"a quite good."
- What?
- Nothing.
How did you know about
that track on the other side?
We got this record
the other day.
and you haven't heard it since.
- I found it online.
I wanted to see if there
were any hidden gems
in what we picked up.
- That's smart.
Good intuition. I haven't even
listened to the whole thing yet.
- Well. there's a really
killer track on side B.
as it turns out.
- And you just knew that
slow. jazzy jam
would work with a house tune?
- Just kind of felt it.
- It's really amazing how you're
picking all this up. Rhea.
Took me a really long time
to figure out the basics.
- Well. you figured them out.
And now you're a really
great teacher.
- No. I mean. I think you might
really have something here.
- [laughs]
- No. like you could be great.
Like a real artist.
- That's really nice of you
to say.
My mom. my grandmother.
even my brother.
they got all the artsy genes.
Me. I'm a coder.
I'm like my dad.
We're bottom-line types.
- [phone beeping]
- That's my dad. I have to go.
- What? No.
- Dad has parent-teacher
conferences tonight.
so I need to be at
the restaurant now.
I'll see ya later. Max.
- ♪
- Do you guys need
anything? Some refills?
Nothing? Great.
- ♪
- [grunts]
- [crash]
- Are you moonwalking
with samosas?
- What? You think you and Nani
are the only ones with moves
in this family?
- I find it helps to be able
to see where you're doing
when you're serving food.
- Thanks for the tip. I'll take
it into consideration.
- Great.
- Now here's a tip for you.
Hide.
- [gasps]
- Where have you been?
- Sorry I'm late.
- You know I needed you
here early tonight.
- So sorry I'm late.
It won't happen again.
- I hope so.
Now. should I expect
any surprises
from your teacher today?
- I'm a member of a girls' squad
that rules the school
with an iron fist.
- I would expect nothing less.
- [laughs]
- ♪
- So. tell me all about
this Max.
- What? How did you even know
I was--
- I told her.
Educated guess.
- You're an educated snitch.
- Out with it.
Where did you meet him?
- School.
He was actually at
the restaurant the other night.
- The one with the accent.
- Yeah.
He does have nice eyes.
[clears throat]
He saw you dancing.
He was blown away by your moves.
- Uh. naturally.
You just be careful. Beta.
The cute ones can be trouble.
- Don't worry.
we're just friends.
Mostly.
He's actually teaching me
how to deejay.
- Like those loud men
in the mornings
that yell at each other
with obscene sound effects
on the radio?
- No. No. [laughs]
- Deejays just mash
other people's songs together.
- Not exactly.
- But I think I understand.
I don't.
- Deejays sometimes use
other people's songs.
and sometimes they make
entirely new songs.
Deejays can be musicians.
- So you're a musician.
- No. No. no. no.
It's just a hobby.
I was just trying to explain
to you how--
- Of course.
Just hoping.
- Uh. whoa. need a little
help here.
- What is this?
- It's my food fusion creation.
Check out the presentation.
- Mm-hmm.
- Go get changed for work.
And would it kill the two
of you to stand up straight?
- Yes. ma'am.
- These are some of the projects
that my kids have been working
on.
Molly and Watson are working
on a drone that delivers pizza.
- Does it work?
- Not at all.
Total disaster.
But they took
a big creative swing.
and I love that.
- Mm.
- Let's see. Marcus is
designing a dating app for cats.
Wishful Whiskers.
- [laughs]
- And Francesca is trying
to hack these VR goggles here.
Anyway. there's all sorts
of games and apps
and cat stuff.
lots of cat stuff.
And then there's Rhea.
who is designing an app
for your restaurant.
- Oh yes. she showed me.
Very clever.
- Clever. yes.
There is no doubt that
your daughter is very smart.
- She is.
- Look. Rhea is
a wonderful student.
She's very focused.
very mature for her age.
- Oh. that's "and now
the bad news" kind of pause.
- No. it isn't.
But can I be frank with you?
- Of course.
- As you can see from all these.
the assignment was
supposed to be fun.
- I'm sure it's fun for Rhea.
She's like me.
You know. all business.
Arvind 2.0.
- My point is...
I'm worried that Rhea is
holding herself back from
trying something different.
It's like she sees the
restaurant as her whole life.
- Are you insinuating that
I would force my daughter
to do something that
she does not want to do?
Because I can assure you.
I'm not that kind of father.
- I'm sorry. that's not
what I meant.
Doughnut branch?
- [laughs]
Uh. Miss--
- Please. call me Naomi.
- Miss Naomi.
Rhea really likes you.
And I can see why. You really do
care about her.
But I know my daughter.
If she had a problem being
at our restaurant.
she would tell me.
She wants to be there.
- Good.
- ♪
- Heaven. right?
- Pretty tasty.
But the closest thing to heaven
are the jalebis
at my restaurant.
- Bold declaration.
- Mm-hmm.
- I guess I'll have to come try
it and judge for myself.
- Mm. sure.
Drop by anytime.
I'm always there.
- Great. it's a date.
- Yeah. [laughs]
Um. sure. good talk.
Thank you.
- [chuckles]
- [indistinct chatter]
- And?
How did the parent-teacher
conferences go?
- Good.
All of the teachers love Rhea.
Everyone thinks she's a genius.
- Which of course she is.
so why don't you look happy?
- I think I accidentally
asked her teacher out on a date.
- Accidentally?
- Actually. she kind of
asked herself.
- Vah! Boldness is an
underappreciated trait in women.
- Yeah. but I should
cancel. right?
I mean. I don't want
Rhea feeling weird.
- Well. it's good for children
to see their fathers happy.
- What? They see me happy.
- Do they? Do you?
- Rhea's?
- Yeah. yeah.
Isn't it fantastic?
She's getting better
with each new playlist.
- We should definitely play this
at the next dinner rush.
People might order
some more dessert
just to stay and listen.
[laughs]
Uh. I think I should
order some more dry fruits.
Yeah.
- ♪
- That's good.
- Nice.
- Rhea. check out
the Festival of Color website.
- [gasps]
- GINGER: It's live.
- And it's gorgeous.
- And it's gorgeous because?
- Because Watson saved
my website. my reputation.
and probably the world
as we know it.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- [clears throat]
- But I couldn't have done
it without my associate's
fierce back-end coding skills.
Give me some. [laughs]
- But where's the listing
for the deejay?
- You gotta talk to Max.
He gave me a rough mix
of his song.
- He did?
- Mm-hmm.
- He didn't mention it to me.
So. how was it?
- BOTH: E-e-eh.
- What they said.
- So what? You're not
gonna use him?
- No. I am.
I already announced him
in the school cafeteria
and the internet. and
that's basically everyone.
But I'm just not hype about it.
And until I'm hype. I'm
not gonna hype him.
- Mm.
- ♪
- So can we move that
hashtag to over there?
- [doorbell rings]
- Hey. uh. what's up?
- Why didn't you let me
hear the new edit?
- Yeah. Kitchen.
- [music playing softly
on headphones]
- I've been trying to
get it together.
And Ginger really wanted
to hear something.
but it's just--it's...
not good enough. I know.
- This is one time I would
love to disagree with you. Max.
but you're right.
It isn't.
- Oh.
Thanks for stopping by.
Always a pleasure.
don't be a stranger.
What are you doing?
- You wanna fix this. don't you?
- You wanna help?
- Is that cool?
- Very.
- So. I think we should
just take a step back.
you know. like start
with the basics.
Like Luka Cent said.
"What is the story?
And why do we care?"
- I just want people
to feel good. you know?
- Okay. what does that
mean to you?
Like what are some things
that make you feel good?
- I guess. um...
oh. wicked synth pad.
a killer base sound.
a crisp. high--
- Even more basic than that.
Max. what makes
you feel good in life?
Okay. for me. I'd say
my Nani's cooking.
The color yellow. sunset.
- I'm sorry. uh. how do
you make a song out of
food and sunsets?
- My mom said that there
is music in everything.
We just have to find it.
Humor me.
- Okay. um...
the beach.
- And are there sounds
that remind you
of the beach?
- Yeah. yeah.
Um. this song always makes
me think of surfing.
- ♪
- Great. let's start there.
- And I always feel good
when I skateboard. so--
- Yeah. like the wind
in your hair.
the rhythm of the wheels.
Okay. um... wait a minute.
What about this?
- ♪
♪ I'm feeling good now ♪
- This could be the vocal hook.
- ♪
♪ I'm feeling good
right now. right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm with you ♪
- No.
- ♪
- MAX: Yeah.
- RHEA: Yeah.
- MAX: Let's go.
- ♪
- No. this--this is
definitely starting
to feel good.
That's what we should call it.
"Feeling Good."
You know. because there's
music in all the things
that we love.
- I like that.
- Right?
- ♪
- No. no. no. no.
- What?
What's up?
- I missed the dinner shift.
Like entirely.
- Okay. okay.
Just. um. call them and
tell them you spaced.
- I cannot call my father
and tell him I spaced.
- But what about the song?
- Assuming I'm not grounded.
we will keep working
on this later.
Bye. Max.
- [sighs]
- Dad. I'm sorry.
- Yeah. come here.
- Okay. but I just wanted to--
- Come here now.
I've been having
a few conversations with...
concerned parties recently
who believe you might not
be happy working here.
- What? Who?
- It's not important.
But it is the opinion of
these people...
that you're just doing this
because you think you have to.
You know. you don't have
to work here. right?
You're not super unhappy and
you're not telling me about it?
- No. No. no. Dad.
that's not it at all.
I just lost track of time.
honestly.
- I'm glad.
Because the next few
weeks here are gonna be
pretty busy. and if you
don't wanna be here.
I can figure something else out.
- I'll be here.
- I've got to be able
to count on you.
but you've been late
twice in these last few weeks.
- ASHA: Late twice
in five years.
Such a shotty record.
I hope the university
will still take her!
- Asha G. this is
between Rhea and me.
- [door opens]
- Are you saying I don't
have a say in this family?
- What? No. of course not.
- Good. Because I did not sign
up to be
a wise and steady advisor
to a family
who do not want to listen
to what I have to say.
- Good ahead. say it.
- Um. mmm...
Rhea is a 15-year-old girl.
She should be out living
her life with her friends.
not working herself to the bone.
- She's not working herself
to the bone.
- She's far too serious
for her age.
- She's a responsible.
hardworking young lady.
- She is right here.
Please. just don't fight
over me.
I lost track of time.
I'll be on top of it
from now on.
I promise. okay?
Everyone happy now?
It's all I wanted.
For everyone just to be happy.
Good night.
- But what about her happiness?
- [sighs]
- Hi. Here you are.
Is that good?
Okay. thank you.
- [indistinct chatter]
- You're done with these?
No problem.
Need anything else?
- ♪
- Ooh. sorry.
Hi. here you go.
- WATSON: Did you text Rhea?
- Yep. Texted.
Then I texted her again.
I'm not really sure how
many more unanswered texts
I can send her before it's
legally considered harassment.
- ♪
- [indistinct chatter]
♪
- [bell dinging]
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪
- [phone dings]
- [crash]
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
I just got distracted.
- Texting while bussing
can only lead to catastrophe.
- I know. I'm sorry.
It's--
- You're lucky your father
didn't see you.
- I know. I'm sorry. it just--
- It's okay. I'll clean. you go.
- Are you sure?
- Go. darling. Go. go. go.
- Thank you.
- ♪
- ARVIND: What happened?
- I was texting while bussing.
So sue me.
- ♪
- I had an idea
while you were gone.
- In the 30 seconds it
took me to go the fridge?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
- ♪
- This is sick.
- Right?
- [phone ringing]
- [alarm ringing]
- [phone beeping]
- [tablet ringing]
- I have to go.
- Well. it's a good
thing that the alarm worked.
This time you won't be late.
- I'll see ya. later. okay?
- Okay. you can...
just text me or something.
- ROHAN: Imagine
[unintelligible]--
- I'll be back.
- ROHAN: --white spoon.
- Sounds interesting.
- I knew you'd get it.
- Miss Loy. what are
you doing here?
- Oh hey. Rhea. your dad
invited me.
- He did? Why?
- Naomi. you're here.
- You said anytime. right?
- I did.
I did indeed say that. didn't I?
- But I can come back if
the jalebi isn't ready.
- Oh no. no. no. jalebis' ready.
Question is. are you ready
for the jalebis.
- BOTH: [laughing]
- Yeah. this way.
- ♪
- ARVIND: Right this way.
- Did he just call her
by her first name?
- He's giving her a booth
all to herself.
What's going on?
- Something very interesting.
Now stop spying on your
after. both of you.
And get back to work.
Chet. chet.
- ♪
- There you go.
- Do you watch all
of your customers as they eat?
- I just want to be here
when you admit
they're better than your
doughnuts.
- Okay. but I'll have you know.
I love my doughnuts.
- Okay.
- [munching]
- But?
- I guess I'll have to tell
them I'm seeing other desserts.
- BOTH: [laughing]
- Please.
- Did he just giggle?
- Ssh.
Let your father live.
- [laughs] Hey. are you
sure I can't pay something.
- Don't worry about it.
I know the owner.
- [laughs]
And now your daughter
and I must engage
in a bit of girl talk.
- Of course. yes.
Um. would you help me
in the back. please?
- Oh no. I'm very
here for the girl talk.
- [clears throat]
- Um. girl talk?
- I figured it sounds
better than you're in trouble
with the teacher talk.
- I know.
I've missed a bunch
of coding club.
I've just--there's been
a lot going on
with work and school
and...things.
- I can appreciate that you
have other responsibilities.
But I think Watson and Molly
were really counting on you
to help them out.
- I did.
- A drive-by computing
does not count.
- Well. then maybe they should
just start helping themselves
for a change.
You know. I don't see
them offering to help me.
- Do you need help?
- No.
- Rhea. are you okay?
- I'm fine.
I'm tired. I'm busy.
I just want people to
stop asking if I'm okay.
Okay?
- How 'bout I ask if
there's anything I can do?
- Unless you can get the
rest of my orders out...
I don't think so.
Right this way. please.
- [music playing in headphones]
- Dude. I gotta tell you
straight up.
I almost replaced you
with my workout playlist.
but this next level.
- [laughs] Oh.
thank you so much.
- Okay. in a few short days. we
are going to make epic history.
Or at the very least.
a cool giant mess. [laughs]
- Uh. amazing!
- I've never seen Ginger have
her mind so totally blown.
- Yeah. well.
it was a rough start.
but it's been a pretty
amazing journey for us
to get here.
- Absolutely.
It will be our pleasure.
We're happy to help.
- [phone beeps]
- Rhea?
- Mm-hmm?
- We have a last-minute booking.
and it's a big deal.
A baby shower lost its venue.
and they picked up.
Isn't that amazing?
- Wow. yes. amazing.
So today. you can be
in charge of the event.
- Wait.
Today?
You said I could have today off.
It's the Festival of Color.
- Holi?
- Yes.
they're basically
celebrating Holi.
It's for a school fundraiser.
Dad. it was my idea.
- Wow. that sounds amazing.
Rhea.
Um. but--
- But?
- I need you today. Bubba.
I can't do this without you.
- Fine.
- What? I'm not the bad guy.
What can I do?
- MAX: You're kidding?
- I wish. it's the worst.
I mean. I know I promised.
but it's not fair.
- I'll tell you what. I'll swing
by the restaurant after
and I'll tell you all about it.
- Okay. good luck.
- MAX: Luck? I don't need luck.
I've got you.
I'll see you later.
- [phone beeps]
- ARVIND: Rhea! I need you!
- ASHA: Okay. samosas. put
that there. please.
Yeah. right there.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Thank you. Nani.
- ♪
-Have a great time.
- Is that good? Okay. thank you.
- ♪
- Hi. ladies.
- Here you go.
- Oh. hi.
- Are you enjoying the food?
Yeah?
- Thank you.
- See you guys later.
Thank you.
- Rhea. tell Sonny to hurry
up with the [unintelligible].
- [indistinct chatter]
- We are 45 minutes away.
people.
we have many excited humans...
in very white outfits.
But they aren't gonna
stay that way for long.
And we have DJ Union Max
who's gonna drop
his astonishing new track.
so. come on down.
- Table five is still
waiting on their order.
- ♪
- Rohan. how would you
like to be cool for once
in your entire life?
- I reject your thesis.
I'm fabulous.
- Fine. how would you
like your Titatakas approved?
- Tik-tacos.
- Whatever.
- Keep talking.
- ARVIND: Rhea!
What's happening with
[unintelligible]?
- [crowd cheering]
- We're five minutes out.
people!
At exactly 3 o'clock.
DJ Union Max
is gonna drop his hot
new single.
And y'all are gonna
color bomb each other
until it looks like a giant
unicorn exploded
into rainbows!
- [crowd cheering]
- ♪
- [phone ringing]
- Mmm. this better be good.
- Answer it.
- Okay. look. I have
been working like a machine
at the restaurant and
on Max's song.
which is why I left you two
high and dry.
And that is so not cool.
And I'm sorry.
After today. things are
gonna be a lot better.
I promise.
- You know when you get here.
we're gonna positively
pummel you with that color
stuff. right?
- Mm-hmm. no mercy.
- I wouldn't have it
any other way.
- Okay. Festival of Colors.
I just want you to know
the money we've raised today.
we can have the homecoming
dance on the actual
surface of Mars!
- [crowd cheering]
- Or at the very least.
a pretty nice hotel.
- [laughs]
- DJ Union Max. you ready?
- Let's do this.
- [crowd cheering]
- Five. four. three. two. one!
- [horn blowing]
- ♪
♪ I'm feeling good ♪
♪ I'm feeling good now ♪
♪
♪ I'm feeling good right now.
right now ♪
♪
- [instinct chatter]
- ♪ I'm feeling good now ♪
♪
♪ I'm feeling good right now.
right now ♪
♪
♪ I'm feeling good ♪
♪ I'm feeling good now ♪♪
- [crowd cheering]
- DJ Union Max!
That was the sickest
of the sick.
Please tell us the name
of your dope new jam.
And please say a few words
to your giant.
new adoring fan base.
- [crowd cheering]
- MAX: Thanks. Ginger.
I call this one. "Feeling Good."
because there's music in
all the things we love.
We just have to find it.
- Well. it was amazing.
Everyone go home and stream it
a zillion times.
- [crowd cheering]
- It's been an absolute blast.
But I have to thank someone.
because I couldn't have
done this myself.
So word up to Ginger for
taking a chance on me.
- [audience cheering]
- And thanks to all you
out there. this is
just the beginning.
DJ Union Max can't be stopped!
- [audience cheering]
- ♪
- There you go.
- Hey. Max.
- Rhea. I thought
you couldn't make it.
- Well. I did.
- Song played great.
I can't believe it.
- Yeah. we either.
- What?
Everything okay?
- Why didn't you shout me out?
Is it because you thought
I wasn't here? Or--
- No. I just got so excited
seeing the crowd so hyped up.
it must have slipped my mind.
I can post something later.
- Max. it slipped your mind?
I named this song.
I came up with the concept.
I even came up with
the main vocal hook.
I worked with you side by side
for hours.
and it slipped your mind?
- All right.
I mean. you helped a ton.
sure. but just remember.
this is my thing. okay?
It's my equipment.
I'm the deejay.
which makes it my song.
- Are you serious right now?
- I mean. what would you
do with it anyway?
You said it yourself.
You're not an artist.
You make mixes
for you dad's restaurant.
So calm down. we should
be celebrating right now.
- You're right. Max.
I did say I wasn't an artist.
But you know what else I'm not?
I am not someone who would
take all the credit
for work I did not do.
Go ahead. go celebrate
your great solo achievement...
by yourself.
- Okay. Rhea--
- ♪
- GINGER: Is that true?
- What. Rhea? she's just--
she's just being dramatic.
- Friends. what does it mean
when a man says a woman
is being dramatic?
- He's a filthy liar.
- Mmm.
Facts.
- Whatever.
- Let's go.
- Finally. there you are.
- Dad. I can explain.
- I've only ever asked two
things from you. Rhea.
Responsibility and
accountability.
Leaving midshift when you told
me that I could count on you
is neither.
- Dad. I'm sorry.
- You're grounded.
End of story.
- ♪
- [sobbing]
- [light flickers]
- Rhea!
Come here. please.
[singing in Hindi]
Rhea.
Talk to your Nani.
Why was it such an emergency
for you to leave the restaurant?
- So I could show up
at the Festival of Color and
have my heart ripped out by Max
in front of the entire school.
And now Dad is so angry.
he grounded me for two months.
which is basically forever.
- Well. it doesn't sound
like a very wise choice.
- I just wanna go back to
the restaurant and forget
any of this ever happened.
- Rhea. I love you.
but I refuse to let you
make the same mistake
as your father.
- What? What mistake?
- Hiding from life
inside the restaurant.
There's a whole world outside
the Spirit of India.
- Not for him.
After Mom. it's
the restaurant and us.
That's all he has.
- That. Rhea. is not
your problem.
- It feels like
my responsibility though.
- Because you care.
And I know you want to
make everybody happy.
But believe me.
it isn't your responsibility.
It really isn't.
My words fall on deaf ears
with your father.
but I believe you can hear me.
- It just feels so stupid.
I've been late to absolutely
everything.
And I completely let him
down to just help
Max on that song for
the Festival of Color.
And he didn't even acknowledge
me. like at all.
- So what?
You'll make another song.
You will make a million songs.
You will fill the world
with so much music
that it will crush him.
- That's beautiful.
And a little terrifying.
- Yeah. and that sums me
up rather well.
[chuckles]
Mwah.
- I loved making that
song with Max.
But what if I gave him
the best ideas I had?
What if there's no more
music in me?
Why in the world are you
smiling at that?
- Because she used to say
exactly the same thing.
- Who?
- Your mother.
[laughs]
Every time she finished a song.
she would say. "Well. that's it.
"That's my last one.
The well is dry."
And she would have a little
dark cloud over her head
for a few days. and she
would make a face like this.
[sighs]
Then like clockwork.
few days later.
she would start walking
around humming.
And before you knew it.
there was another song.
[groans]
Well. I haven't opened
this in a very long time.
- [gasps]
- ♪
- It's amazing.
- What's this?
- That's--that's some of
your mama's wedding jewelry.
- ♪
- It's so pretty.
- And all these were hers?
- Mm-hmm.
The well never went dry.
She didn't run out of music.
and neither will you.
- ♪
- Here. this is for you.
- For me?
- You are your father's
daughter.
and your mother's daughter.
And your mother always said.
"It's all music."
So go. find it.
Let it out.
- [muffled music playing
in headphones]
- [music playing in headphones]
- [woman singing in Hindi]
- ♪
- [singing continues]
- [indistinct chatter
on the street]
- ♪
- Let me guess.
You all miss Rhea so much.
you're moving in with her?
- Well. you said she can't
leave the house.
but you didn't say
anything about us coming over.
- It's deejay gear.
Uh. we just want Rhea to
make the most of her
enforced social holiday.
May we entre?
- Thanks. [laughs]
- Merci.
- ♪
- Hey!
- Hi.
- Hi?
- Wait. what are you
guys doing here?
Make yourselves
at home. I guess.
Also. where'd you guys
get all this stuff?
- Please. my day's
a typical Gen-Xer.
There isn't a hobby he
hadn't picked up
and then abandoned.
- We've seen their basement.
- Yeah. if you ever need to
get into...
canning or ceramics--
- Holler at your girl.
Anyway. all these babies
needed were a couple new
drive belts. stylist upgrades.
little soldering.
Where that wasn't applicable.
good old duct tape.
- Uh. tape of the Gods.
- Okay.
Let me rephrase the question.
Why'd you guys bring me
all this stuff?
- Because it's gonna be
tough to win that deejay contest
without a setup.
- Mm-hmm.
- Contest? What contest?
- The Luka Cent Beatmaster
thing.
- We entered for you.
- I'm sorry. you did what?
- We submitted an edit of
one of your dinner rush mixes.
- Mm-hmm. the one that
really slaps.
- Mm.
- What's that?
Did you just say "Thank you.
you're all wonderful friends"?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- You're all wonderful friends.
I can't enter that contest.
I can't even leave my house.
you guys.
- This competition. would
Rhea be playing her music
for people?
- A lot of people.
Looks like the event sold out
last year
in a couple of hours.
Pretty impressive.
- Mm.
Actually. Rhea. we are
due a night off.
I'll take care of it.
- And that's that!
- No!
No. that is not that.
Absolutely not.
- What?
So you're just gonna let
it happen then?
- Let what happen. Wats?
- [sighs]
- What's up. Maxes.
Come catch me next week
at the Battle of the Beatmasters
Deejay competition.
I'm feeling good about
my chances of winning.
- Did you hear that?
- That fool thinks he's
gonna win that contest
with "Feeling Good."
- The song you basically
made for him.
- Is that what he thinks?
Well...
I think. I'm gonna need
some help
finding some new music.
- ♪
- I'm ready.
- WATSON: Okay. check this out.
- [buckets playing]
♪
- Awesome. that's perfect.
Thank you. you guys.
- [sitar music plays]
- [record scratches]
- ♪
- [record scratching]
♪
- [fire hisses]
- Yeah. that's good.
- ♪
- I like it.
- [rope whooshing]
- [whooshing sound
stops and starts]
- ♪
- Well. now you need
to pick a deejay name.
- What about DJ Solar Flair?
But like F-L-A-I-R?
That's important.
- Ooh. DJ Al-go-rhythm.
Well. like you get it?
- Rhea.
It's me.
I don't need a flashy name.
The one I have is mine.
and it's perfect.
- Can I put it in all caps?
- Of course. Ginger.
- Remember when I was telling
you about how great
DJ Union Max was?
Well. I'm thrilled to report
that he has some major
competition.
The new hotness is Rhea.
And you can catch her
world debut at
the Battle of the Beatmaster's
competition in two days. people.
- [keyboarding typing]
- ♪
- [knocking at door]
- ARVIND: Hi.
- Hi.
- Wow. you're really into
this. huh?
- Yeah.
- What are you working on?
- Um. just a new mix.
- ♪
- It's good.
It's very good.
- Thanks.
- [music stops]
- Well. don't stay
up too late. yeah?
- [sighs]
- Yo. Maxes. the Battle
of the Beatmasters
is in two days.
Come out and support your boy.
- ♪
- [water drips]
- [record spinning]
- ♪
♪
- Well. how's it going?
- It's going well. thank you.
Wanna listen?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- ♪
- My Mira.
You brought her back.
What are you gonna call it?
- "It's All Music."
- Well. you better get
ready for tonight.
- Yes. [laughs]
- [humming]
- ♪
♪
- ♪ Ah ♪
- [indistinct chatter]
- Welcome to Spirit of India.
Take care of this. Rohan.
- Got it.
- This was fantastic.
- Oh. thank you.
- Thank you.
- [phone ringing]
- Did you enjoy the butter
chicken?
Oh. I'm so glad.
Many congratulations. yeah?
Congratulations.
Look. I know I said this
was your night off.
but this intimate Sunday of
close family only.
well. predictably expanded in
size.
Everybody brought in a plus ten.
I need you both at the
restaurant.
- ASHA: I'm sorry. Arvind.
We're still running errands.
- Running errands?
- ASHA: And now we're stuck
on the subway.
- Stuck at what subway?
- ASHA: Oh no.
- Yeah. but what am I gonna do
without you and Rhea?
- ASHA:
That's a very good question.
It's almost as if you have
to prepare for an eventuality
where you don't rely on
your mother-in-law and
your teenage daughter to
run your business for you.
Besides. you gave us
the night off.
And as the children say.
"No takebacks."
- Yeah. but--
- ASHA: [makes hissing sounds]
Oh. what--what's that?
You're cutting out!
[makes hissing sounds]
Okay! Love you. Goodbye!
Good luck!
- ♪
♪
- I'm ready.
- My darling. you were
born ready.
- ♪
- MALE ANNOUNCER: Welcome to
Battle of the Beatmaster!
- [crowd cheering]
- The competition where we
find new talent.
and let the rookies rock
the house!
- [crowd cheering]
- Shout out to our illustrious
panel of judges.
led by the extra illustrious
DJ Luka Cent.
- Thank you.
- [crowd cheering]
- Ha-ha!
Now the judges are gonna
rate the deejays based on
originality and skill.
while the applause meter
will tell us
who rocked the party!
- [audience cheering]
- Please enjoy these beats
while we get our deejays
set backstage.
- [audience cheers]
- ♪
- Your mother would be
so proud of you.
- I could really use some of
her strength right now.
- You came this far. didn't you?
And that is her spirit shining
through you
with every song you make.
You be the best. truest
Rhea you can be.
Your heart and your soul.
that is what people want to see.
Show everybody who you
really are.
- I love you. Nani.
- Mwah. I love you. too. Beta.
- [laughs] Hi.
- Hi.
- [laughing]
- Good luck.
- You look amazing.
- Okay. let's do this.
- You got this!
- [laughs]
- ANNOUNCER: All right. deejays.
Let's spin.
We've got two rounds
for you tonight.
Starting with sets from
our seven killer young deejays.
Then we're down
to the final two.
- Look. I know you're still
mad at me.
And I get it.
I never meant to offend you--
- Max.
This isn't about you.
It's about me.
And I'm here to make music.
- Ah. I respect that.
- And I don't care.
- [crowd cheering]
- ♪
- You're right at the front.
Love it.
- ♪
- [record scratching]
♪ Funky. funky. funky ♪
- ♪
- [crowd cheering]
- Okay. this is
the unchill part.
The following deejays will not
be moving on.
Ultrasone.
- [crowds groans]
- Lavender Bear.
- [crowd groans]
- And Colossus Creation.
- [audience groans]
- Good job. Good job!
- [audience applause]
- ANNOUNCER: Four left.
But we only have room for two.
Surefire Disco.
you did good. my dude.
DJ Len Cool. it ain't
your time. sorry.
- She's in. she's in! She's in!
- Y'all know what that means!
Give it up for your
two finalists!
DJ Union Max and Rhea!
- [audience cheering]
- Yeah. I'm right there.
Yeah. [laughs]
- ♪
- Rhea. got a minute to talk
to your adoring public?
- Mm-hmm.
- Tell us. what does it
feel like to be in the finals?
- It feels like--like I
was born to do this.
- Yeah. go. Rhea!
- GINGER: --Luka Cent's Battle
of the Beatmasters competition.
- [indistinct chatter]
- I made it to the final round!
- What's this?
- Uh. Dad.
- What's going on?
- I can--I can explain.
It's--no. Dad.
Dad. Dad. Dad. let me--
- One of these fine young
artists will be
the next Beatmaster!
- [audience cheering]
- Ha-ha!
On my right. give it up
one more time for DJ Union Max!
- [audience cheering]
- And on my left. make some
noise for Rhea!
- [audience cheering]
- Ah. yeah!
Let the battle begin!
- [audience cheering]
- ♪
- ♪ DJ Union Max ♪
- [audience cheering]
- ANNOUNCER: DJ Union Max.
you all ready for this?
- [horns honking]
- [sirens blaring]
- ♪
- [audience cheering]
♪ I'm feeling. I'm feeling.
I'm feeling. I'm feeling ♪
♪ I'm f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f ♪
♪ I'm feeling good now ♪
♪
♪ I'm feeling good right now ♪
♪ I'm feeling good now ♪
♪
[unintelligible lyrics]
♪ I'm feeling good now ♪
♪
♪ I'm feeling ♪
♪ I'm feeling. I'm feeling ♪
♪ I'm feeling good now ♪♪
- [audience cheering]
- Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you for the support.
It's what keeps me going!
- [audience cheering]
- Yeah!
Audience. let me hear if
you're feeling good
about that set from
DJ Union Max!
- [audience cheering]
- And now. give it up for Rhea!
- [quiet music plays]
- [deep breath]
- [muffled applause]
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪
- [sighs]
- [cheering in distance]
- ♪
- [thump]
- [sighs]
- [silence]
- ♪
- [water drips]
- [singing in Hindi]
- ♪
- [woman singing in Hindi]
♪
- [sitar music plays]
- ♪
- ♪ It's all music ♪
- [crowd cheering]
- ♪
♪
- [woman singing in Hindi]
- ♪
♪
- [singing continues]
- ♪
♪
- That's my daughter up there.
Isn't she amazing?
- Ssh.
No talking. dancing.
- ♪
♪ It's in the music.
it's in the music ♪
it's all in the music ♪
♪ It's in the music.
it's in the music ♪
♪ It's in the music ♪
♪ It's in the music.
it's in the music ♪
- [indistinct chatter]
- ♪ It's all in the music ♪
♪ It's in the music.
it's in the music ♪
♪ It's in the music. it's
the music. it's in the music ♪
♪ It's in the music.
it's in the music ♪
♪♪
- [audience cheering]
- ♪
- [cheering continues]
- Wow. Dad. it's--
it's inspiring to see you
capable of such growth.
- What do you want. Rohan?
- Tik-tacos.
- Tik-taco okay.
- Yes.
And I wanna knock
down that wall.
- Let's go with the Tik-tacos.
right?
- Yes.
- [laughs]
- [crowd cheering]
- Wow. how 'bout that set
from Rhea?
- [crowd cheering]
- Now. while the judges
make up their minds.
let's bring our two
fabulous finalists
back on stage!
- [audience cheering]
- Judges?
Have you come to a decision?
Ha-ha. all right. DJ Luka Cent.
please make your way to
stage so we can show
these beautiful people
who the winner is.
That's right!
- [audience cheering]
- One more time. give it
up for DJ Union Max!
- [audience cheering]
- And now make some noise
for Rhea!
- [audience cheering louder]
- Yeah!
Give it up for DJ Luka Cent!
- Thank you.
thank you. thank you.
I just wanna say congratulations
to our two finalists.
Now let's give a round of
applause for all
the amazing deejays that brought
it on this stage tonight.
Come on!
- [audience cheering]
- But as we know. there can
be only one Beatmaster.
- And the winner of the
coveted title of Beatmaster.
the deejay who will take
the brand-new
state-of-the-art pro deejay
setup
is the person whose unique
sound we all wanna hear
a lot more of.
Deejay Luka Cent. who's it
gonna be?
- And the winner is...
Rhea!
- [audience cheering]
- ♪
♪
- [laughing]
- So proud of you. sweetheart.
- Thank you. Nani.
- Good job.
- Thanks.
- Dad?
Am I grounded forever now?
- No. you're not.
You were amazing.
- Family group hug.
- ALL: [laughing]
- That was sick.
Congratulations.
- Hey. yo. Rhea.
The fans wanna meet you.
- Whoa. social media team here.
- Where she goes--
- We go.
- [giggles]
- It's good to have a crew.
- Go on and go have fun.
- You were so good.
- [laughs]
- [indistinct chatter]
- Hi.
[chatter continues]
- MAN: [singing in Hindi]
- WOMAN: [singing in Hindi]
- Check it out. my Tik-tacos.
- They're perfect.
I'm so proud of you.
- Thank you. Dad.
- ♪
- MAN: [singing in Hindi]
- WOMAN: [singing in Hindi]
- ♪
- [drone buzzes]
- MAN: [singing in Hindi]
- ♪
- [singing continues]
- WOMAN: [singing in Hindi]
- ♪
♪♪
- MAN: [singing in Hindi]
- ♪
- WOMAN: [singing in Hindi]
♪♪